Instructions for installing ARDP release 1.1
Last Modified: (Time-stamp: <98/07/15 11:03:25 swa>)
 
*Requirements

ARDP is designed to compile on systems supporting the POSIX
programming interface and a sockets-compatible set of networking
calls.  Systems meeting these standards include UNIX and Unix-like
systems.

You must compile this release using ANSI C, since it makes use of the
ANSI C variable-length argument list facilities and of the ANSI
prototypes.  This should not be a problem unless you are using a very
old system.

*Configuration

To tailor the server to your systems's configuration:

  copy gostlib/Makefile.config.gostlib-dist to gostlib/Makefile.config.gostlib
  edit gostlib/Makefile.config.gostlib to meet your needs

  copy ardp/Makefile.config.ardp-dist to ardp/Makefile.config.ardp
  edit ardp/Makefile.config.ardp to meet your needs

Define your machine and operating system type in
ardp/Makefile.config.ardp.  If your machine type and/or operating
system are not listed, you can add them to <ardp/pmachine.h>.  If you
port the ARDP or GOST libraries to a new machine type or operating
system, please send us back the changes so that we can include them
for future use.

**Configuring with compilation problems.

***HP-UX linking problems

Under HP-UX you may get errors while linking.  These will claim that
some nonexistent member of a library archive (.a file that Prospero
makes) is not valid.  The errors under HPUX look like:

  /bin/ld: ../lib/psrv/libpsrv.a(): Not a valid object file (invalid system id)

If you get this error, run the shell script misc/hpux_fixlib.csh on the offending archive, like so:

	csh misc/hpux_fixlib.csh lib/psrv/libpsrv.a

The library will now be in a format that the linker will read.

**Configuration fine points

If you want the ARDP server to run multi-threaded, then you must edit
gostlib/Makefile.config.gostlib to define your current threads package.

As mentioned, this release must be compiled with an ANSI compiler;
therefore, the default in gostlib/Makefile.config.gostlib is 'gcc'.
If you're using another compiler, you may want to change the
definitions of CC and CFLAGS.

*Compiling and Installing

To build the ARDP library, execute the following commands: 

  1.cd gostlib; make 
  2.cd ../ardp; make 

If you wish to build the sample clients, see the instructions in
ardp/sample/Makefile.

*Additional information

The directory "ardp/doc" in this distribution contains ARDP
documentation.  The file README in this directory contains release
notes for the current ARDP release.  

More information on ARDP and the most current documentation is
always available as http://gost.isi.edu/info/ardp.  

Bug reports should be sent to all of these three email addresses:

  swa@isi.edu, salehi@ISI.EDU, katia@ISI.EDU, and bcn@ISI.EDU

Requests or queries about the release should be sent to the same.
